 --F15 by LogicalJoe--
  joseph@rrysavy.com
  Written in Pure TIbasic


Thank you for picking out F15 from the storm of other files on TIcalc or any other site.

The Ultimate fractal grapher for the TI-84 Plus CE.
This program is the fifteenth version in its line of graphers.
F15 was tested vigorously before its release to:
1-Be user friendly
2-Have few to no major bugs in the program. (some errors can be produced in the ’window’ menu, and the ‘custom’ option.)


 --The included files--

F8            - The 8th version of the program
F15           - The 15th version of the program
readme v1.2   - This txt file
Screen shots  - The folder containing screenshots
 GIF
  F15_C1.gif   - Screen Capture 1
  F15_C2.gif   - Screen Capture 2
  F15_C3.gif   - Screen Capture 3
  F15_C4.gif   - Screen Capture 4
 PNG
  F15_C1.png   - Screen Capture 1
  F15_C2.png   - Screen Capture 2
  F15_C3.png   - Screen Capture 3
  F15_C4.png   - Screen Capture 4



 --Features--

1 - Both Mandelbrot and Julia sets are pre-programed and ready for use. (version 4)
2 - A working zoom. (update 6)
3 - Cesium Icon (Do these things work in Doors to?). (version 12?)
4 - Accurate time approximations in Days:Hours:Min:Sec. (version 10)
Note: this may have changed slightly after the addition of the ‘custom’ feature.
5 - Pixelation choices from 7x7 pixels to 1x1 pixel. (version 9)
6 - Iterations ranging from 1 to infinity (not recommended). (version 14)
7 - Inputing of custom formulas! Yay! (This is also a break point, I have not figured
out exactly how to make this error-proof yet, so be careful when using this.) (version 14)
8 - Requires no shell! (after all, it was made for a calculator which didn’t have DoorsCE.) (version 1)
9 - All colors are adjustable (including Backgrounds and off in pixel colors) (version 11)
10- Plus, a Sierpinski triangle grapher. (version 15)


 !-WARNINGS-!

The ‘custom’ feature is incomplete, so be careful when using it.
This program uses Pic1-5 (as stated in Notes).
Edit the code at your own risk!


 --Installation--

Follow the instructions from some other program or guide book.
TiLP or TI Connect CE should work fine.
This program has NO irritating sub programs; it is one ~10kB program which does it ALL.


 --Things which must be explained--

Nothing, really. 
The program is as self-explanatory as possible.
The ‘clear’ or ’del’ buttons will quit almost any screen.


 --Screen captures (png files)--

F15_C1 is 1000 iterations at pixilation 1 on Mandelbrot mode and took approximately 3 days and 8
hours to render.

F15_C2 is an example of the new Sierpinski feature. (version 15)

F15_C3 is another example of the ‘custom’ feature. The equation of Z=Z²+C on Mandelbrot
mode with square2.

F15_C4 is a screen shot of an old F program (F7,F8?) before the program
used the circle to create the set. I have tried every equation I can muster, but I cannot
reproduce it! If you can figure out how, please contact me with the parameters or code
which you used.


 --What the program stores in Pic1-Pic5--

Pic1 - Mandelbrot pic saves (version 3)
Pic2 - Julia pic saves (version 3)
Pic3 - Extra pic saves
Pic4 - Random ‘I need a picture’ saves. (Example: Zoomsto and Background)
Pic5 - Custom and Sierpinski pic saves (versions 14 & 15)


 --Notes--

If this program doesn’t work for you, 
 * try updating the tiOS; it was tested using tiOS 5.2.1.42.
 * try updating TI Connect CE; it was tested using TI Connect CE V. 5.2.0.51.

Contact me if:
 * You find any bugs; I will do my best to fix them.
 * You have any problems; I will do my best to assist you.
 * You wish to release your variation of this program; I will give my approval.
 * You wish for me to post this program on another free-ware site.
 * You have any updates you would like to see in the future.


‘Custom’ mode works best on polynomials.
The ‘Norm’ will only scan within the 2-unit radius circle, outside of that, it just
places the third iteration color. (versions 7 & 14)

If you are not satisfied with the speed and are willing to give up some features,
try F8 (included) or enjoy all the features using an emulator
(e.g., CEmu by Matt ‘MateoConLechuga’ Waltz.)


 --Calculator info--

Works on (only counting color)
 * TI-84 Plus CE

Does not work on (and why)
 * Any non-color calc    (It’s a color program)
 * TI-84 Plus CSE        (The ’eval(’ token was used)

If this works on your TI calculator, and it is not listed, please alert me to the
 calculator’s version.
If this doesn’t work on your TI calculator, and it is not listed, please alert me to the
 calculator’s version and why it doesn’t work.


 --Last words--

Thank you for downloading.  I hope you enjoy my Fractal Grapher.  It is open source
(unlock it by using a Shell like Cesium or Doors. An external editor will work fine as well).
I locked it to keep my brothers from editing it and breaking it beyond repair.

I’m sorry about the size and speed, It was one of my first programs and I haven’t optimized the
code yet.

F# stands for ‘Fractal grapher version #’
(I’m also sorry that F5 didn’t work for any of the first downloaders)


 --Enjoy--

To enjoy this program, you should actually use it!